you
First Corinthians chapter 4 Today deliverance is related to rearranging your character to move it to your next level.
rearranging your character to move it to your next level.
First Corinthians chapter 4 verse 2 Moreover, it is required in Sidwell
That a man be fun, faithful.
A man be fun, faithful, eh?
But with me, it is a very small thing that I should be joy of you.
Or of man, judgment.
Yeah, I joy not my own strength.
Shout out, Elia.
This is talking about a man's character.
Now, go to Proverbs 22.
Proverbs 22.
Only verse 28.
Only what it is, eh?
Remove not the ancient landman with that for ourselves, eh?
See a man diligent in his business, eh?
He should stand before him.
He should stand before presidents.
He should stand before governors.
See a man diligent in his dealing.
He should stand before kings.
He should stand before presidents.
He should stand before governors.
Now, when we say Karata, what do we mean?
Remember, today's deliverable tattoo, rearranging your Karata to take you to a next level.
When we say Karata, what do we mean?
We mean your moral principle.
Your moral principle, what is your moral principle?
What do you stand for?
What is it you, when you say, this is what I stand for?
I stand for, in corruption, I stand for.
I stand for what is right.
Let only the right thing be done.
When we say, Canada, what do we mean?
We mean, is the quality of honesty we can find in you.
The quality of honesty that can be found in you.
What do we say, Canada, what do we mean?
When you gather all trends in a person's life and run them together, you will get the best character.
All the trends, all the characters, all the taste the best in those.
They want all the statistics, all the taste that the person do in the morning, doing the afternoon, doing the night.
You combine all of them into produce character.
Shout out to Eloya.
When we say character, what do we mean?
Win your personality.
your personality, what was that character, what do you mean?
I mean, that habit that you continue to do, that habit, whether if it's bad habit, it means it's bad character, if it's good habit, it means it's good character.
So that thing you continually do, shout out to you, yeah?
What was that character, what do you mean?
Character is a result of hundreds of choices.
You are making gradually.
And those choices, now, telling you the who you are.
The choices, but you have the power to make your choice.
Choice is something you choose to do.
You can choose to go to rights.
You can choose to go this way and spend two extra seconds.
When we say Canada, what do we mean?
When you lose money,
You lose nothing.
But when you lose your character, you lost all.
You can lose money, a problem.
But when you lose your character, watch people know this man is a principle best.
This man has good character and you lose it.
It's what more than billions and billions of dollars.
Shout, Alleluia.
It's not something you have born...
It's not something you have born with, no?
So, as you have not born with it, it can be changed.
You have not born with it.
So, you have the power, the capacity to change that thing.
Because, nope, you have nobody's born with the background.
Amen?
No.
Your throws are...
Your jeans, it's supposed to be on the waist.
Then you put it here, then you bring your boxer out.
I'll be in the workout like this.
Why don't I call it slack or stack or get in?
You are not born with that character for goodness' sake.
You can choose to sit and listen.
My waist is meant for transfer, not
You can choose that after buying a very expensive cloth, you now go and start cutting it and it will become spaghetti.
Losing all the expensive things on it.
You will not want to
to put to wear something that is showing your breast.
Your breast belongs to your husband.
It's not a public chute.
Why are you showing to everybody?
This is your best not property.
But belongs to your husband.
You are televising it, broadcasting it, advertising it.
Amen, for the whole world to see.
He said, that I want the money.
When the man that wants the money has already seen, he said, whoa, it's the money for him to see.
Amen.
Now,
Your scat is meant to cover.
You're grounded.
Who like this?
One day I was driving to church.
I came out somewhere I saw.
A lady holding Bible, holding a small boss.
Then we are in a very small, I began confused.
Is she going to church or is she going to party?
this happening.
We are not born like this.
This is not the way you exposed the dress.
Shout Alleluia.
We are meant to come to the presence of God with fear and trembling.
When you come to church, you are come to the presence of God.
No, but like not, if you have a
We can go.
SSS, we bounce you from the gate.
But, there is someone that is higher than the president.
Your commander is president.
You are soon to come with fear and trembling.
You come.
Shout out to Eloya.
May God have mercy.
You're not born with it.
There was some evil stuff that moves.
It's not the way you are born.
That time I'm gonna give back to you.
You normally walk like this.
Now!
Amen.
is what they call snake movement.
Because snake does not go straight, snake goes like this.
Then when you are going like that, when you begin to know what that is, then you will say, I don't know about some animal is this snake in my dream.
Because you are doing like them.
They say, ah, look, I want to first, they begin to push you.
Shout out to L.A.
I know a lot of people are like my preacher.
This is where I preach.
I'm sorry.
But I need to say the way it is.
Shout out to Eloya.
Because my mission, you don't like turning my mission.
My mission is to bring people to heaven.
My mission is not to entertain you.
My mission is not to tell you something you like.
The mission that I give to me, one healing deliverance and drag people to heaven.
I work on that last day when I look around I see
All members of opium, no one excluded.
Amen.
So that, what we shall say, rupee, and they said, Dr. Jesus, you made it.
Oh, yes, I made it.
Shout, Alleluia.
When we say Canada, what do we mean?
Karata is what you are in the dark.
Where nobody is, you do it.
You are still, you who you are.
Amen.
Even though in the very dark place, you are still who you are.
What is Karata?
Karata is what you are on that pressure.
on that immense pressure, you stand your ground.
A lot of people be very well when there's no problem.
But when a problem comes, the character now changes.
Reading character now appears when pressure comes.
So what, when we say character, what do we mean?
Character is what you are on that temptation.
That was, ah, I will not stay money, but when you give them opportunity, the real money is.
It's when you say, even though you have a positive city, this too, that is when you say, you cannot steal.
And when you have a opportunity of commitment, you do commit it, that is when, but not when it, when you say, ah, I cannot say, I cannot say, because you have not been given opportunity, I'm stealing.
Shout out, I love you.
Your karata is your real standard.
Your real standards.
The greatest problem we have in Christianity is lack of godly karata.
Many claim to be born again, but they are not.
Many are living there today in deep sin.
Many are living with strange men and strange women.
And you come, I think I said, man, I live with your boyfriend.
You live with your girlfriend.
And you say, dang, dang.
That's a good deal.
My boy said, the prayer of his son is what?
Shout out to Loya.
Some people are using their body to get contract.
But they don't know that you can never get anything good.
If you can never do anything, nice.
with dirty money.
If you have got money, it's dirty.
It's always grassland.
Shout Alleluia.
The world is looking for men and women who cannot be bought.
You can't buy them.
There are some bastards that are bought with money.
Some political pastors.
I don't recall them.
Amen.
Shout Alleluia.
The one they look for people who will be great in small affairs and also in big ones.
The one they look for people who will not compromise with evil.
The one they look for people who are true friends.
The one they look for people who will not, who are not afraid to say the truth, who are not ashamed to say the truth.
They're not afraid to say the truth and they're not ashamed to say the truth.
Shout Alleluia.
Only you can damage your character.
Only you too can repay and change your character.
So it is you.
The ball is in your court.
You can choose to damage your character and you can choose to repay your character.
God is looking for those who can accept God in Canada.
Canada cannot be bought with money.
You must defool up that God in Canada.
In life, generally, generally in life, men with wealth are envied.
Men with pepper are envied.
Men with power are feared.
Men of genius are a man, but only men with character are trusted.
I come again.
Men with wealth are envied.
Men with power are feared.
Men with that are genius are admit, but only men with character are trusted.
So you need to have that good character so that you can be trusted.
No matter the situation.
If you are a wicked husband, or you are a wicked wife, you better invent and get a level where you can be trusted.
You must build that trust.
You won't stop all those backyard movements that you are doing against a wife because you will surely give account.
No man is better than his character.
But Karata is the reason the enemy is dealing with so many people today.
But Karata is the reason many prayers are not getting answers.
But Karata is the lack of ground that the enemy is using to fight so many people's miracles.
Fight so many people's testimony.
Fight so many poor historians.
Ability or your gift can take you to the top.
Listen to this very well.
You do this.
Ability or your gift
I can't take you to the top, but it takes your character to remain there.
It can take you your gift, but gift, the ability.
You can move you to the top, but for you to remain at the top, you need a good character to remain at the top.
If your character is bad, someone less talented than you will be given your position.
If your karata is bad, someone less intelligent than you, will be asked to be a boss.
Many who are praying for God to change their situation, but their prayer should be, O Lord, change my karata.
O Lord, I want to marry, I tell you I've been single, but you have a very bad attitude, bad karata, that no man want to tolerate.
So the best thing to do is to
I was going to change that character.
The way your personality.
The way you speak to people.
Amen.
Shout out to Leah.
When I went to Lego, when I went to the last time I went to the U.S. to our branch.
There's a particular system every time.
The last time I came, I gave my assignment.
It's a democracy.
It's okay.
And I saw her.
You see how she's always in a sad mood.
I said, who wore this crumbly?
So they thought I came.
The last time I came, I told her, come.
You need to be chatting off.
Even though they laugh, know from your mind, smile.
That's what they call plastic smell.
Amen.
Do you know that?
I've got that advice.
This one I came now.
She came with a husband.
Jinjomud.
Don't be two sisters.
Why they have no marriage?
They are too proud.
I'm a PhD holder.
Do you miss?
If you miss, then you remember me.
Emma, shout out to Elia with your PhD as long as you miss.
Shout out to Elia.
Change your character.
Change the way you
I approach things.
So this is why they've not married.
They talk too much.
Amen?
Maybe somebody's interested in you and wants to marry you.
Maybe you have to go for lunch or dinner or something.
As I ask, go that's it.
You talk throughout.
The money's too good this.
Now which I will go into?
Shut the hell up, yeah?
Now we're here, going through.
No?
We are convinced.
Tiaris.
It's going to go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go,
What is this?
Okay.
Did I say this?
Okay, how are you?
Yes.
You say you went to Ria?
Bad karata.
Very, very bad karata.
Shout alayluia.
Some sisters that work in the bank.
Because you need to get a particular customer, you sleep with your person, you lose your respect, you lose your dignity, you lose everything.
It is better to when that man wants that account, for you to tell the man, no, I lose that customer.
It is better to offend man than to offend God.
It is better to offend one million men than to offend God because
God is the Alpha and the Omega.
He can't decide that after you sleep without man, blood rubbish, the hat of the king is where.
The man has promised you, I said, what's the sleep with me now?
I'm giving you one billionaire a check for your photo open account, your account officer.
And they just write the check, I said, see it.
Just use it on an account, let me do.
You fit, go and finish.
And the man is going to address the man's hat, change him.
The man calling me eh, I just saw the one below, stop the check.
And the audition goes for nothing.
So why not try to please God?
It is better for them to be angry with you than they can make time for God to be angry with you.
Come.
This man now, eh?
This man.
Okay, this is admin, this is an OSHA.
This OSHA can have a problem with admin, and admin is dealing with him.
He wrote to me, at the University, I used my veto power to arrest admin, two of us.
This man now can have problem with Saitan.
Maybe Saitan is fighting him.
He run to God.
God with us, that's the head, hey!
Stop that!
Don't you feel me?
I'll slap it out of you.
Sit down and go down.
I'll run away.
But this man now, oh thank God, I'm going to push him.
Who will you run to?
You don't have a dilemma for him.
Your friend said that you're not the God.
Your friend God, who do you run to?
So it is better not to offend God.
It is better to maintain a very good relationship with God.
Shout Alleluia.
You know it to God.
If you are not giving your life to Christ, you are missing a lot.
Kneel the way that you are.
You want to surrender enough Christ?
It's easy.
Simple.
Just need that.
Let me pray with you.
Repeat this after me.
Father, Lord, I am the sinner.
I have sinned against you.
And I've done that.
I want this against you.
Forgive me my sins.
Remove my name from the Book of Denz.
I'm a Transfated Book of Life.
I promise.
Start it from today.
I will never go back to my old ways again in Jesus' name.
It's so acceptable.
First, let me pray with you.
Father, in our mighty name of Jesus, for they say your take my people that I call my name, Shabbom, but they say I pray, I seek my face, I'm clever and I go with the will I have for heaven, and I forgive this to you, brother.
Here's what I have to do today.
Please and watch them that I might not know.
In Jesus' mighty name of prayer.
It's thought, if you are sick or you need bread to just lay on us the television screen and pray with you.
Father, in the mighty name of Jesus, by your voice to the pomala, I speak unto every affliction, every badness, every sickness.
I've caused right now to die in the name of Jesus.
Let this body, for this body's temple of God in the name of Jesus, you foster a short disappointment.
If poverty right now, I command you in the name of Jesus to fucking this life now, to live this day now in the name of Jesus.
Relations.
So many things will lead to happening in life.
But also, I must say, if I take you to come and see me, it's very easy.
You don't need to pay money to see me.
You don't need to do this.
It's not logistics.
Just come to the church.
You see the address on the screen, or you call me on my phone.
I give an appointment.
You come and you meet me.
I'll give you an assignment.
Once I give you an assignment, do it very well.
Your story must change in that name of Jesus.
God loves you.
Truly God is here.
Honestly God is here.
Truly God is in OPM.
I am a testimony and I am a witness.
You are a faithful God.
You are the same God yesterday.
You are the same God today.
You are the same God forever.
You change it now.